Shloka Kini: The
VideoSubscriberAccount framework
is a native app framework
that facilitates passing
the authentication token
between the authentication
context and your app.
The VideoSubscriberAccount
framework
is a client-side framework
that is built into your app.
Because it is
built into a native app,
it requires native iOS
and tvOS development.
To get access
to this framework,
add this specific entitlement
to your entitlements file.
You will need to update
your provisioning profile
to include this
extended entitlement.
This updated profile
should replace the original one
in your app's project.
Once your app
has access to the framework
and integrates with it,
it's important to remember that
because there is authentication
at two different points
on the device --
system level and app level --
that those two
authentication states
need to be synced visually.
As a result, there are user
experience implications
when integrating
with the framework.
To fully be integrated with it
technically and visually,
your app needs to handle
all these syncing cases
on both a cold and warm start
successfully.
First, check if the customer
has granted access
to use the framework.
If the customer has not
granted access, request it.
Once the customer
has granted access
to the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework,
check the system level
authentication status
using a
VSAccountMetadataRequest.
If the customer
is not authenticated
at the system level,
request this authentication.
Next you need to present
a view controller
containing the authentication UI
to the customer.
This view controller
is created by the framework
and is passed
to the VSAccountManager
presentViewController
delegate method.
Finally, request app-level
authentication
with a verification token
in the metadata request.
After fully integrating
with the framework,
the application will go through
an additional QA review
before formal app review.
In summary, the
VideoSubscriberAccount framework
exists so your app can talk
to the authentication context
and a video subscriber
can be authenticated.
Thank you.